in Survivor ganging I hear blemish had
yet spa Diggy to live spa day you know
super up allocating are you - hi - hi -
hello today I do with me miles off yeah
they're busy you polamosh Heidi's harm
Peter Danny do me Mel
this really was seamless indicator
listen listen
Emily hit the nail it will hello
Chanukah to cigarette seen up there with
chili to meet the Neil the more Hannibal
Chanukah to cigarette heat up there with
chili there you swallow allocating I
hear Millennials follow me to real so
while they're you know super oh a
guy here
come on Michalis follow Peter Danny to
vomit Luigi me Mel shut up
yes I pity you the Amish hat is follow
me
Peter Dan here to Raleigh do it to me
emails up in the busy
yeah a she knew it was here shall I lose
little pieces here yeah today you should
know what I hate was here
any web cameras I can never feel
delicateness anywhere cameras I can
never do tell you this holiday in
support of on occasion I yield damage
Heidi are smart they're using here the
Lima shoddy so today I suppose you would
you be able so long you had is alone
today probably do an email so busy
yeah Fuli already the flower
yeah the fool you hey you two miles
flying down and we had answered it to
the committee within half hair you will
order to myself are you fair game here
Susie limited within half a year super
parque de leche de soie there you spa 4k
guy you
Flemish Heidi Expo Nikita please
- hiya Danny you're gonna do it to me a
mile sir
Yashodhara Danny Cevallos do an email
sort of Epiphany
you